a wonderful good day my
friends welcome to another fan
guide by art.de I'm the st anna and
I think my friends, the time has come
we have the fastest option
respectively fastest way found
paragon level or xp too
farms
this is going off really hard here
as a koran better than anything else
you know so far and mentioned the
nude where the quest from lollar in itself
believe in German means one
royal or imperial audition and
then you will almost get this message
because accepting does not accept and
as soon as you accept that you will
posted here in this setting
there you have to kill the mobs and so on
Last or the glaring advantage is that
you guys just those mobs on the
silver plate already presented
you just have to become her
away bomb a bit together poland
but there is not much work needed
and then just on it with nice on
the cap to the pug the cat from the
neck comes out then it goes to here
this plateau is multi beautiful together
So that means a bit in a circle here
Run until the movement show and the
nicely centered together poland and
then just on it I see you
Just run with me, I 'll do it
nothing so there is much more
potential and much more room for maneuver
in it
after you have done all this here
and the mobs blew it off it goes
under the direction of canals and there exactly
the same game so rather everything pult
Together, yes, and they just go away
in our opinion the fastest
and best way to get xp before
especially if you saw them bombed away
you'll get it again soon
completion quest rewards here sees
one nice 95 million xp and another one
a little gold and that blows you right
crass up the run was in us
two to three minutes including one
I think one is normal
shortly died and we died
have in the two to three minutes
scarce 48 50 million xp get that
is really really full and
in our opinion really one
Crisis worth considering
So you can log in and out with these
and a party back and forth
get a quest and so on and so forth
that's within an hour
to a value of 1.4 billion xp
So it does not make millions but
14 billion xp for comparison before
at the mi rockwest so the woman from
smith you may remember the
Act one of patch was the whole thing
or because it was not done has
her about the 1 2 billion if I
me pretty arena in an hour
So you can get that now
after the relationship, now with the
current patch can be 14 billion
xp just once an hour
achieve something really slow and slow
Super smith was played
here again the version in one
small slow passage and in one
Slow pass as I said earlier
I'll accept a bored one here
a little bit together just skin it and
the rest is history you can take off
and to an xp counter with me
Look down so a run creates
this run determines within what knows
but I'm under two minutes in it
if you're really crazy de ps monster
you are , then you do that too
within what I know 130145 easy
peasy and then of course the explode
xp values ​​for the hour seen brutally
I gambled it to a few people
the really kurt ahrens to the
turn it down and they have too
confirmed that this method here in akk
2000 so what a 1000 times faster easy
it's better because you're a lot, you know
because you have more effective play
just going faster
Second, you do not you cross-country skiing
have the mobs as already said
presented on the silver plate
they do not have to be great together
be brought
and she has no problem dying
or with any other
what do i know plus you get
another quest reward so this
new nine and a half million xp again
donated on top is actually
also something fine
and yes, just try it out
if that's what you think we are
is the fastest way to learn
i got a lot of fun to get xp
Hope you also had a lot of fun
write my comments like you
prohibition tortures and until next time